Update observer.md (#6387)
ReactiveX/rxjs: docs_app/content/guide/observer.md

};
```

> When subscribing to an `Observable`, you may also just provide the callbacks as arguments, without being attached to an `Observer` object, for instance like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When subscribing to an `Observable`, you may also just provide the next callback as an argument, without being attached to an `Observer` object, for instance like this:
```

```ts
observable.subscribe(x => console.log('Observer got a next value: ' + x));
```

> Internally in `observable.subscribe`, it will create an `Observer` object using the first callback argument as the `next` handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally in `observable.subscribe`, it will create an `Observer` object using the callback argument as the `next` handler.
```
